Added example for sizes attribute (#40017)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/picture/index.md

  alt="MDN Web Docs logo" />
```

### The sizes attribute

The [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) attribute of the `<source>` element allows you to specify a set of media condition-length pairs and indicate the image display size for each condition. This helps the browser select the most appropriate image from the `srcset` attribute, which lists images with their [intrinsic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Intrinsic_Size) widths.

> [!NOTE]
> The browser evaluates the media conditions in the sizes attribute before it downloads any images.

see the sizes attribute of the [`<img>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/img#sizes) and [`<source>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) elements for more information.

For example:

```html
<picture>

>   <source 

Author: done

  alt="MDN Web Docs logo" />
```

### The sizes attribute

> The [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) attribute allows you to specify a set of media conditions (similar to media queries) and indicate the image display size (in CSS pixels) for each condition. This helps the browser select the most appropriate image from the `srcset` attribute, which lists images with their [intrinsic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Intrinsic_Size) widths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) attribute of the `<source>` element allows you to specify a set of media condition-length pairs and indicate the image display size for each condition. This helps the browser select the most appropriate image from the `srcset` attribute, which lists images with their [intrinsic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Intrinsic_Size) widths.
```

> When the browser loads an image, it:

Reviewer: does it load the picture then do the following steps, or does evaluate the media conditions before loading the image?

Author: I will update.

> - Evaluates the media conditions in the `sizes` attribute from left to right.

Reviewer: We can delete this in favor of "see the `sizes` attribute of the [`<img>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/img#sizes) and [`<source>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) elements for more information."

Author: okay I will update.

- Uses the first matching condition to determine the slot size (the image's display width in CSS pixels).
- Selects the image from `srcset` whose width descriptor (`w`) is closest to the slot size and device pixel ratio.

For example:

```html

> <img

Reviewer: this is a `<picture>` reference page. The example doesn't use the `<picture>` element

Author: okay I will rewrite.

The [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/source#sizes) attribute of the `<source>` element allows you to specify a set of media condition-length pairs and indicate the image display size for each condition. This helps the browser select the most appropriate image from the `srcset` attribute, which lists images with their [intrinsic](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Intrinsic_Size) widths.

> [!NOTE]

> > The browser evaluates the media conditions in the sizes attribute before it downloads any images.

Author: okay
